chore(docs): Release Notes for 4.20 (#36261)
gatsbyjs/gatsby: docs/docs/reference/release-notes/v4.20/index.md

---
date: "2022-08-02"
version: "4.20.0"
title: "v4.20 Release Notes"
---

Welcome to `gatsby@4.20.0` release (August 2022 #1)

Key highlights of this release:

- [RFC for changes in `sort` and aggregation fields in Gatsby GraphQL Schema](#rfc-for-changes-in-sort-and-aggregation-fields-in-gatsby-graphql-schema)
- [Release Candidate for gatsby-plugin-mdx v4](#release-candidate-for-gatsby-plugin-mdx-v4) - Support for MDX v2 and more!

Also check out [notable bugfixes](#notable-bugfixes--improvements).

**Bleeding Edge:** Want to try new features as soon as possible? Install `gatsby@next` and let us know if you have any [issues](https://github.com/gatsbyjs/gatsby/issues).

[Previous release notes](/docs/reference/release-notes/v4.19)

[Full changelog][full-changelog]

---

## RFC for changes in `sort` and aggregation fields in Gatsby GraphQL Schema

> We are proposing Breaking Changes for next major version of Gatsby to our GraphQL API with goal of increasing performance and redusing resource usage of builds. Proposed changes impact `sort` and aggregation fields (`group`, `min`, `max`, `sum`, `distinct`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We are proposing Breaking Changes for the next major version of Gatsby to our GraphQL API. The goal of this change is increasing performance and reducing resource usage of builds. Proposed changes impact `sort` and aggregation fields (`group`, `min`, `max`, `sum`, `distinct`).
```
